what is up YouTube this is John from
Florida adventures I am doing a knife
review today on the wahoo killer fillet
knife which is actually not a fillet
knife at all it is a more a clipper
knockoff and you can see the blade has
no bender given it whatsoever
which means it's not a fillet knife but
hey I'm ok with that
because I'm not using it as a fillet
knife so I'm going to show you the
modifications I made to this knife and
the first one being this little tiny
hole that I drilled it allows me to put
a lanyard on the back of my knife and
what I did my reasoning for making my
modifications to this kit was kind of
making it a bushcraft slash survival
slash essentials slash whatever kit for
the outdoors so it gives you about 7
feet of paracord here and also what this
little lanyard helps you to do is if you
fold it over hard to do this with one
hand if you fold it over it gives you a
better grip on the knife and this knife
actually comes with a good grip
originally but hey you know you can
always make things better just by doing
that boom better grip okay I apologize
if the video quality isn't that great
I'm using my iPhone instead of my other
camera because my battery died it's no
iPhone 5 I'm still on the iPhone 4 but
whatever I don't know why I told you
guys that but okay you can look up other
reviews on this knife to see the
specifics of it I'm not going to go into
too much detail because all I really
care about is if the knife is sharp and
it is sharp so that's all I care about
so all you people who are obsessed with
knives going what are the specifications
on it I don't know I really don't go
check another YouTube video for that
sheath yeah sorry about that
the
sheathe the only modification I made to
it was I put a couple Ranger bands on
here which are basically just it's a
cool name for bicycle inner tubes that
are cut I made a wide one in a skinny
one and that allows me to put my
pharisee arm rod my Ferro rod on here so
I can make fire the back of this knife
actually comes pretty squared off to
where you can shave off Sparks and make
a fire if you have the correct tinder so
that is the review of my new knife I was
kind of forced to get a new knife
because in the last trip I broke my
other Coleman my trusted Coleman that I
use on every single trip the tip of it
snapped off because it was being used
for batoning and the tip bent so I like
an idiot took pliers and tried to bend
it back and it snapped off so I gave it
to my buddy Phil and he's now using it
but yep that's my new knife set up and
we're going camping in a few weeks and
maybe I will give you guys more insight
to actually using it in the field all
right hope you guys enjoyed this review
and I will see you later